Works i saw

https://lannacheck-ops.github.io/cart253/art-jam/template-p5-project/
https://luciee246.github.io/cart253/topics/art-jam/
https://coolusermarco.github.io/cart253/CART%20253%20Pippins/art%20jam%20project%20self%20portrait%20marc%20pilliot/index.html



All of these projects that i have seen are very entertaining. I thought that my project was kind of cool until i saw these and i realized that i got mogged. all 3 of these projevts have a very unique idea with really nice art, i feel like i have learned first hand how hard it is to actually make good art in p5 and they all do this extremely well. Lanna did the art super well, i loved the color scheme, also very nice color schemes for the other 2. Lucie did a insanely well cover song and with the nice touch of the mic controlling the volume, super super cool. the changing variables in lannas project was the holding of the button with the audio and tail, super cool touch and both of these projects made me want to incorperate volume. marcs art was super dope aswell even if there wasnt a overtime change variable the img imports were very impressive, mine was terrible. now i will talk about the code because i am way more comfortable with that because thats more of my strength when it comes to these things. i will point out some cool things that i see. Lanna uses a smart if statement that first scanes for if the sound is not playing, this is not a crazy deal i just like it because i know a issue that can occur depending on audio playing order which for me is very easy to overlap, its not tricky to fix but it has to be done in a certain way and by checking if the audio is not playing you can set up a really nice audio detect to were you can cut and play audio exactly how you want it, the code that i am talking about is basically( if clicked eye, and if catblinkaudio is not playing then play audio) if you did this and did what i think comes obvious it would be play audio if clicked but this leads to alot of bugs, so very nice code. they also use this rule in other audio events. Lucie has a neat audio change code that uses the distance from the mic to the mouth(also angelic voice lmfao). the farther the mic is the lower the volume, this is super cool because this feels very reactive and more neat, if i were to do this action in real life the same thing would happen so this is a great use of this goal of the assignment. the code is making the newVolume var dynamic and its changing depending on the distance from the cursor to the mouth, then after the newVolume is updated it updates the output volume overall making the change we hear. Marc is also very impressive, i sit with this guy actually and i know that he has missed alot of classes, he missed some the classes and even stating to me that he was kind of nervous about simpler stuff, and to turn and do something that is on the most recent stuff and in this way is super awesome to see. With the selection code, i went a way more terrible route and he made it look so simple, making booleans to manage the movement system and basically using it as a gear shift to have certain vars change in certain events is a super cool thing to do. basically he made a system to where it understands what peice of the person you click and from that changes a boolean and progresses the code to make whatever that if statement the boolean is controlling to be true, and that if statement is the selection code. so you can click and move whatever you want. suepr awesome stuff by everyone